ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms.
Chloe and Maddie, you will
be performing a lyrical duet.
My rival will be there.
I don't want any outburst.
- And how old are you, double chin?
- Shut up.
MC: And in first place, Bad Girls.
You're full of [bleep], Kelly.
Maybe you should get fined.
What'd she just said?
CHRISTI: You know what,
if everyone's jealous, too bad!
Let's go, we're going home.
ABBY: Do you have
anything to say to Brooke?
Want to go on a date tonight?
[giggles]
Sure?
[giggling]
GROUP: [exclaims]
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms.
It's the same choreography,
exactly to the tee.
CHRISTI: It's never happened before.
MELISSA: She's not letting them
watch each other.
CHRISTI: It's like
the Blair Witch Project.
HOLLY: Hopefully, they are using
this time, just talk or let go.
ABBY: You ruined your entire number.
People live with cancer every day
and other people die from cancer.
CHRISTI: Melissa will lose her [bleep]
if both of her kids lose.
JILL: Our plan is to prove
Maddie gets extra privates.
- Ow!
CHRISTI: You're lying.
You're lying like--
MELISSA: [bleep] you.
You know nothing.
[THEME - NIKKO LOWE, "LIVING ON
THE DANCE FLOOR"]
THEME SONG: (SINGING) Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls.
Living on the dance floor.
[upbeat music]
Thank you.
ABBY: Hey, how are you doing?
HOLLY: Hi.
- You put in some music?
- Always.
Y'all look like you're having a good time.
HOLLY: Hello!
- Hello.
Hello.
HOLLY: Hello.
- The apocalypse is upon us.
- Why? What happened?
Abby just smiled at me.
GROUP: Wow.
I'm a little speechless,
and I'm never at a loss for words.
Because that clearly means
that she's just thrilled
that we beat Cathy last week.
I'm going to run out and see
if I can find something for Chloe to wear.
How have you two of you doing?
I just don't want to talk to her.
It's OK, give it time.
KELLY: It's been a week since
Christi and I have fought.
I just feel like Christi
and I went to a place
that I didn't like.
CHRISTI: That was our question
to you the whole time.
KELLY: My daughter has a solo.
What do I have to be upset about?
CHRISTI: That was our question.
- Maybe it's you that's upset.
- Stop lying.
That is why--
I'll have my attorney
write you a letter and sue you.
I don't think friends
treat friends that way.
ABBY: Come on, let's go!
Let's go! Come on!
Shake your leg.
Bring it in.
This is cause for celebration.
Come on!
[cheers]
The Abby Lee Dance Company
took back ownership.
We beat the crap out of the Krabby Apple.
They were flawless.
MC: And in first place, Bad Girls.
ABBY: They danced together as one,
outstanding representatives of the ALDC.
Didn't that feel good?
Hey! Hi.
How are you?
- Good?
- Good to see you again.
Good to see you. What's up?
Glad you're back.
We got a warm welcome from Abby.
We've been busy bees
but glad to be back here.
Without further ado,
I'm going to get to the pyramid.
First, Asia.
You weren't here.
That's where you end up.
She went away to LA for the week.
She did a television show and also
some print work for a magazine.
I can't blame the kid, but I also can't
put her on top of the pyramid.
And next on the pyramid, Nia.
In the group, you lag behind a little bit.
I don't want you to be the weak link.
I beg to differ.
Nia pulled it off.
She looked great as one of four
in that whole group number,
and they won against the Candy Apples.
I don't think she deserves to be seventh.
Next, Kendall.
Kendall, you were part of
an award-winning group.
You did a good job.
During rehearsal, hmm.
You need to be stronger.
And Paige, you were
second overall high score.
Usually, second is the first to lose.
But I think you had a great performance.
You should be very proud of yourself.
Moving on up, we have Mackenzie.
Mackenzie, I have big
plans for you this week.
You're up this high on the pyramid
because that's where I expect you to be.
That's how well you need to perform.
You got to give me more.
Next, we have Chloe and Maddie.
Chloe and Maddie,
two professionals out there.
It looked like you could have done that
dance eight times a week.
So congratulations to the two of you.
They did a duet.
They danced like seasoned pros out there.
They were seamless.
It was like one person was dancing
out there on stage.
On top of the pyramid, is Brooke.
It's about time you danced
like you're 15 years old.
Brooke danced with my senior company,
and that's a pretty big task.
[music playing]
[cheering]
And she went out there and performed
just as well as they did.
She did an outstanding job.
So we will be attending
POWERHOUSE dance competition
in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
We have a very serious,
if you will, group routine.
The group routine is entitled,
Living with the Ribbon.
Now, you are all familiar
with a pink ribbon.
People every day are living with cancer.
They're beating the odds.
They're surviving.
Melissa, are you OK?
Why did you get choked up there?
Because my mother died of cancer.
My mom died of a really awful--
I mean, she died in nine months.
And it was awful.
ABBY: It is.
My mom, she had cancer,
and it was an awful cancer.
She went really fast.
Um, cancer just sucks.
And I think that we're all
affected by it in some way.
People are living with cancer.
Children are living with cancer.
They're surviving.
Both of my grandfathers died from cancer,
and my dad actually has cancer right now.
He has prostate cancer.
So doing the dance Living with the Ribbon
really means a lot to me.
ABBY: This is a piece
that I've wanted to do.
We're going to do it this week.
It's very intricate choreography.
Mackenzie, Asia,
you are not in the group routine.
You have solos.
Asia, it's entitled, Too Hot to Handle.
Mackenzie, you will also be doing a solo.
It's entitled, Old West.
Maddie, you will be doing
a solo this weekend.
The name of your routine is, Be Anything.
And my last solo will be going to Chloe.
Chloe, the name of your solo is called
You Can,
because you can get better.
You can listen to your mother
and do what she wants you to do,
or you can listen to me
and do what I want you to do.
Moms, you're dismissed.
Oh, wait, one more thing.
Moms, what happened last week
that took my senior company,
who are very focused,
and caused them to look up there--
You're full of [bleep],,
Kelly, and you know it.
KELLY: Oh, well, maybe
you should get fined.
If I see any of that behavior,
you will leave this studio
and your child goes with you.
Have I made myself perfectly clear?
Yes?
All right, you're dismissed.
Ladies, spread apart.
Let's warm up.
You don't really need to pull
her so hard, just look like it.
Yes, go.
Tense, ha.
You got to go with her.
Now my dad died a very,
very tragic death of cancer.
The odds are starting to change,
and that's what we're doing.
You could live with cancer,
and you could beat the odds.
Any illness--
Because the things that you take
for granted, and you think you just--
And once it's gone,
that's when you really miss it.
And so it's got a powerful message.
5, 6, 7, 8, 1, 2, 3, 4--
My mom's been gone 15 years.
You know, it's still so hard.
I think about her, I--
you know, I have pictures of her.
She's in my life still every day.
ABBY: Brooke, plié arabesque
and you're getting pulled towards Paige.
I've decided to use elastic.
The elastic is covering up Brooke.
It's wrapped around her.
It's wound through her,
just like a cancerous disease.
As the choreography unfolds,
you see that Brooke loses the elastic.
She comes out of it.
She fights the disease.
And at the end, she's free.
All right, you're dismissed. Go.
KRISTIE RAY: How come you guys
are not sitting over here?
Because that's odd for me.
JILL: Well, we had a major blow out.
- With Abby?
JILL: No, it wasn't with
Abby, and that's the problem.
We really need to not
fight amongst ourselves.
Christi and Kelly got into a really
heated argument that got really ugly.
CHRISTI: You're not a good friend.
KELLY: I won't be your friend ever.
[bleep] you, Kelly.
[bleep] you.
The friendship kind of
disintegrated before our eyes.
KRISTIE RAY: So it's not better,
or it's OK, you're just sitting apart?
It's their relationship.
I just need to step back for a while
and see really where we're at.
ABBY: I have never done
anything like this before.
This week, I have something crazy
planned for Maddie and Chloe.
This is unprecedented.
This will finally shut those
mothers up, especially Christi.
(WHISPERING) Remember,
it's the same choreography exactly
to the tee that we give.
Now what the child does
with the choreography is up to them, huh?
I got it.
I still got it.
I've decided that Maddie and Chloe
should do the same exact solos.
Why? Because I am sick and tired
of hearing Christi
go on and on
about the choreography.
If you want to do what
Maddie's doing, game on.
[music - "you can be anything"]
It takes a heartbeat to
bring someone back to life.
And then you feel that
it's all been worthwhile.
Voices--
I'm gonna go see where the other kids are,
see what they're doing.
Maybe they're doing homework.
Here, come with me.
Come see if we can find them.
Rush your right, left
leg, to the arabesque.
Pop your knee up to relevé,
and throw your hands back.
[music - "you can be anything"]
Anything, anything you dreamed of,
anything you dreamed of.
OK, I got to know, I got to know.
Are you guys just not talking, talking?
Or is it like, OK?
Or you just got so heated that
there's no turning back of what is said?
Is that like how it's going?
KELLY: I think that's it.
KRISTIE RAY: There's no apology
or sorry, I said that?
No, you know, I'm, I'm just kind of,
like, I'm just kind of
taking a break right now.
I left it in her corner
and I'm leaving it in her corner.
I'm not begging someone like,
please like me, please like me.
I thought our friendship
was worth more than that.
It is, which says--
CHRISTI: You feel that way.
I feel that way.
Clearly, Kelly doesn't feel that way.
And I don't want to be like that.
And right then, I said to myself,
she's not a best friend.
MADDIE: Chloe, play yours.
- It's the same.
- It is the same.
We're in the den, and Maddie
decides to play her solo music,
and I'm like, whoa,
that's Chloe's solo music.
So then it finally hits me that
Abby is giving the two of them
the exact same solo.
Why do I the same--
- Why do we have the same dance?
MELISSA: It's fine.
I was just so confused,
because I'm not used
to doing the same exact dance.
Wait, why do we have the same
song but it's different names?
So that we wouldn't catch on.
This week, I think Abby decided to
teach me a lesson more than anyone.
So Chloe and Maddie are
given the exact same music,
the exact same choreography,
the exact same costume,
because I always say,
let's even the playing field
and see where the chips fall.
MADDIE: So, like,
same choreography, same song,
same costumes, same dance.
KELLY: Did we learn on the same day?
MADDIE: Yeah. Yes, we did.
KELLY: OK.
JILL: You guys totally sure
you have the exact same number?
MELISSA: Yeah.
CHRISTI: Well, it depends
on who choreographed it for,
because they have different strengths.
I'm always complaining that Chloe has
lesser choreography than Maddie.
So Abby's saying, you know what,
here, do Maddie's choreography.
And I think that she made sure
that it was Maddie's dance.
KRISTIE RAY: So is Maddie concerned
with having the same routine?
MELISSA: No, I think she's confused.
I don't think she's concerned,
not at all, no.
Like, it's never happened before.
CHRISTI: Hm, you know
never say never at the ALDC.
HOLLY: I think she's just saying
that better dancer's going to win.
Because you could strip
all this other stuff away,
when it comes down to what, it's going
to be X, whatever X factor happens.
It makes a very uncomfortable situation
for both girls and for all of us.
I mean, just going into
the Green room afterwards,
one of them is going to win,
and one of them isn't.
- This is Chloe's chance to show Abby.
- Exactly.
You know what, you say
Maddie's the best every week.
Well, when you give them
the same amount of time,
and the same choreography,
and the same dance,
look what can happen.
I don't like
how Abby has Chloe and Maddie
doing the same solos this week.
I just feel like no matter what happens,
one of the kids is going to be upset.
And I don't think that's fair.
This is as equal of a level playing field
you're ever going to get.
[MUSIC - TUMBLEDOWN
HOUSE, "OLD POTOSI"]
I want Asia and Mackenzie
to watch one another
during rehearsal, so they can
see what they're up against.
All right.
Asia, you're up.
- Hey!
KRISTIE RAY: Come over?
Oh, shoes.
Can you-- shoes, and
then come on over here.
JILL: Kristie Ray gets to go down
and watch Asia do her solo.
We don't get to do that with our kids.
It's just not fair.
[MUSIC - TRIFECTA, "2 HOT 2 HANDLE"]
TRIFECTA: (SINGING) Oh, here it comes.
Here it comes.
It's always the same.
Can we go--
I hope you get to sit in there
and watch your kid and get--
- I don't get in--
JILL: --get all that.
Yeah, but you know what, you should.
She's competing head to head with Asia.
I don't wanna sit back--
JILL: You should get the
same treatment she's getting.
MELISSA: Nope, I'm fine with
just the treatment I'm getting.
I don't need to be in there.
I like to look at it up here.
JILL: I think we are incognito.
CHRISTI: We're in black with sunglasses.
No one will ever know.
Both Melissa's kids are
doing solos this week.
And Maddie is going
head to head with Chloe.
Of course, Melissa's going to do
everything that she can
to give Maddie the edge this week.
Melissa will lose her [bleep]
if both of her kids lose.
JILL: Our plan is to prove what we have
known all along,
that Maddie gets extra private time.
We know what's going on.
We need proof.
We have to videotape it,
because Melissa always says,
oh, my kids didn't learn it.
And every week, we see it.
But we never have evidence.
I am so sick of Melissa sitting upstairs
and lying to us every week.
Oh, my kids didn't learn their solos.
They just happened to know
by osmosis which move comes next.
No, they happen to know
which move comes next
because they already learned their dance.
- All right.
- We know what's going on.
All right.
Let's do it.
How do you think those kids go in there
know everything?
It's not because
they're, like, just super geniuses.
They grub it.
Wait, look.
Gia and Janine's cars are here.
Janine always choreographs
Mackenzie, and--
BOTH: Gia does Maddie.
[gasps] They're both--
They're both learning their dances.
I knew that Maddie
and Mackenzie were inside
getting extra rehearsal time,
extra privates,
and you know what,
Melissa just doesn't play fair.
Well, what am I recording?
Just the sound or do you want me to--
No, I want you to get in that studio.
I'll stand watch.
Jill likes to get to the bottom of things.
She likes to know
everything that's going on.
So clearly, if there's a secret,
Jill's the one who's going to unearth it.
[bleep]
My glasses!
[inaudible chatter]
Oh, they're in my pocket.
She has a partner in crime, like Kelly,
I have you.
- Did you get video?
- I got video.
- Who?
- Maddie.
Oh.
ABBY: All right. So you obviously figured
out that you're doing the same routine.
When you go to an audition,
aren't you all given the same combination?
Yes. And that's really the main reason
why I did this exercise.
This week, I'm giving Maddie
and Chloe the exact same solo.
This is going to prepare them for a career
in the professional dance world.
Sometimes, when you win, I hear
a whole bunch from your mommy.
And what I hear is,
well, if Chloe would have
Maddie's choreography,
if they would pay that much attention
to my Chloe, if this, if that--
It's one excuse after another.
And some of them are
pretty darn offensive to me.
It's do or die time.
Christi, it's time for you
to put up and shut up.
Chloe, turn around.
Turn to the front of the door.
She's not letting them watch each other.
CHRISTI: It's like
the Blair Witch Project.
ABBY: Let the body and the head go
with that straddle leap.
MELISSA: What's the purpose?
You know, if she wants them
to be motivated,
they need to watch each other
and motivate one another.
ABBY: Finish the movement for the arms.
All right.
[music - "you can be anything"]
It takes a moment to break a butterfly.
On the way--
- Which is weird.
- I know.
- I'm sorry.
- Face the wall.
HOLLY: You see them both working
on a solo at the same time.
The judges be like,
didn't I just see this dance?
[music - "you can be anything"]
I still hear them say,
You can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of.
This is a toss-up, and I think
both of them want this bad.
They're both dancing great.
Good, good.
Is the reason why you're so quiet
is because
you don't have any complaints
or is it because you're satisfied?
I have some other things going on.
KRISTIE RAY: I think you're
preoccupied in your mind.
OK, OK.
I really do have a lot on my mind,
and she's sitting right to the left of me.
ABBY: You're dismissed.
Thank you very much.
Grab a drink and bring the group in.
OK, girls!
Well, where's the pink ribbon?
I need that, like, right now.
Now, you would think the moms
would want to help out
and get the ribbon to the kids.
But no, it's still not ready.
I have a little job
for my two favorite Dance Moms.
So you want me to go ask them
to find the white elastic,
find the light pink dye, and dye it?
Give it to Christi and Kelly.
All right.
I have a request.
No, it's not from me, from Maddie.
She wants Miss Christi
and Kelly to go downstairs.
- All right. Let's go.
- Do we need instructions?
I think we could figure it out.
MELISSA: Christi and Kelly
in the same room together?
I don't know how this
is going to turn out.
I think it's great that
Christi and Kelly were picked
to go down because I think
maybe that will kind of break the ice.
[suspenseful music]
HOLLY: Well, hopefully,
they are using this time
to just talk, or laugh, or let go,
and it's not so intense.
I think it's, what, been a week.
I think they want it to go away.
I really do.
- I don't.
- I don't think they'll ever be the same.
ABBY: Hey, moms!
You want to come on down here?
I have the costumes, and I want to talk
about the routine a little bit!
What's going to go down this weekend.
Come on.
KELLY: Oh, they're very sheer.
ABBY: Listen to me.
How many people here know
somebody that's died of cancer?
Is that a painful thing?
Is it a loss of dignity?
You know what that means, girls?
You're not in control of your body.
Yes, you feel this big.
How many of you think
you can live through that?
I did that.
I had to do that.
My dad had a brain tumor.
He had a seizure and collapsed
on the bathroom floor.
It's not pretty.
And you're all very pretty.
Come here.
Right now,
people are living with the ribbon.
People are living with cancer every day.
And that's what you're showing.
That's what the dance is about.
Are you crying because I'm sad?
Who, who passed away?
Well, my dad when I wasn't born--
but it was, like, a long time ago.
My dad, his dog, Diablo died.
It was just so hard for him.
ABBY: His what?
His daughter?
No, his dog.
[laughter]
Dogs do get cancer.
It's horrible, I know.
Let's wipe away the tears.
Let's think positively.
We win the dance,
maybe we'll win the cure for cancer,
all right?
Let's go.
Let's go, let's go.
[chattering]
Today, we're at POWERHOUSE
dance competition
in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
Stay close, ladies.
I can't explain how important it
is for the girls to win today.
They're coming off a big victory,
and they need to keep the momentum going.
All right, girls, you know the drill.
[techno music playing]
KRISTIE RAY: While I'm watching Kenzie,--
ABBY: Lots of energy from the top.
KRISTIE RAY: -- what I'm
really thinking right now is,
can you be cute all your life?
Can that cute factor last?
I don't think so.
ABBY: Look right at the judge,
like, come on.
Right, as for the knee, longer.
It has to be up there longer.
OK.
Shall we?
[upbeat music playing]
MELISSA: I'm really nervous for Mackenzie.
Abby always says that Asia has
more energy than Mackenzie.
I just hope Mackenzie
proves Abby wrong today.
MC: Coming to the stage now
would be entry number 17.
Entry number 1-7 is
in the mini solo division.
Here is Mackenzie with Old West.
[MUSIC - TUMBLEDOWN
HOUSE, "OLD POTOSI"]
South of the old Potosi,
East of the Toston Dam,
West of the Robber's Roost,
there's a lay of land.
You best believe there's no governor.
No, Sheriff runs this town.
Well, Old Roy might lock you up.
But he'll turn you out
if you buy the next round.
Yes, those woods went
up in a mighty blaze.
[applause]
MELISSA: Yay, Kenz!
[cheering]
MELISSA: I think
Mackenzie did great today.
She had a lot of energy
and great technique.
It's going to be a tough act to follow.
Mackenzie's going to have to watch out,
because Asia is going to be on fire.
It's going to be too hot to handle.
Those judges are going to love it.
MC: Coming to the stage now,
we've got entry number 18,
in the mini solo division,
here is Asia with Too Hot to Handle.
[MUSIC - TRIFECTA, "2 HOT 2 HANDLE"]
Oh, here it comes, here it comes.
Always the same.
Here we go.
Every time I'm dancing up in the club,
everybody wanna come get with me.
They ask me, you got a boyfriend?
No, no, no, no. Aw!
Too hot, too hot to handle.
Baby, I'm too hot to handle.
This-- Too, too hot.
Too, too hot.
[cheering]
KRISTIE RAY: Asia came out there smoking.
She just grabs the audience.
This performance is probably
one of her best ones.
[cheering]
I'm so proud of you.
You could do it.
Asia, why were you on stage
singing the lyrics?
I thought Asia's dancing was outstanding.
But the lip-synching?
Come on.
You ruined your entire number
because everyone was looking at
what you were saying.
I even motioned to you from my seat.
Asia, every goal and obstacle
we conquer,
you throw yourself back two steps.
She told me that I lip-synched
almost half the song.
Miss Abby can yell at me.
She's not going to make me cry.
Mackenzie, did you
watch Asia from the wings?
- Yes.
ABBY: What'd you learn?
[laughter]
I have bigger and much more
important things to worry about
than lip-synching.
Maddie and Chloe solos are up soon.
This is a big, big moment
for both of them.
Your elbows.
OK. Come here
Roll around, step up,
roll that way.
Yes, yes.
Chloe, you're up.
Big smile there.
Floor head a little bit.
Make sure you didn't force charge
relevé on that foot.
This is Chloe's moment.
This is her opportunity
to step out there
and take that spotlight.
Ladies, make me proud.
OK.
[upbeat music playing]
CHRISTI: Chloe's ready.
She knows what an opportunity it is,
and she knows what it means
to prove to Abby
that she is someone to be reckoned with.
MC: Coming up now is
entry number 19
from the Junior Solo division,
here's Chloe with You Can.
[music - "you can be anything"]
It takes a moment to break a butterfly.
On the way up,
that's when you hear an angel cry.
Voices inside me,
I still hear them say,
you can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of.
Anything you dreamed of.
Chloe danced beautifully.
And if I were Melissa and Maddie,
I'd be worried.
I'm a little concerned about this dance
because I really wanna win.
Even though Chloe's my friend,
I still wanna just make Miss Abby proud.
MC: Up next is entry number 20
in the Junior solo division.
Here's Maddie with Be Anything.
[music - "you can be anything"]
It takes a moment to break a butterfly.
On the way up,
that's when you hear an angel cry.
Voices inside me,
I still hear them say,
You can be anything, anything,
anything you dreamed of.
Anything you dreamed of.
[applause]
MC: Entry number 20,
Maddie with Be Anything.
MACKENZIE: Oh God, thank you.
- Ow!
- Get away.
Ah!
What?
Maddie babbled one of her turns.
But she did dance beautifully.
But I think she could have done better.
ABBY: Well, well, well.
That was an experience.
KELLY: Do you think that
this experiment that you're doing,
do you think it worked?
Hey, I'm thrilled that
Chloe can remember the dance.
JILL: Abby, who do you think
will come out on top?
Well, I don't know.
It's in the judges' hands.
I tried to find out
who the judges were, you know.
JILL: I know Abby said she gave the girls
an even playing field.
But I know what I'm sitting on.
I know what I have evidence of
Maddie having an extra private.
We're at the studio one afternoon,
and we have Maddie on videotape
learning her solo.
MELISSA: Don't even go
there with me, Jill.
It was the same day--
CHRISTI: You're-- Melissa, you're lying.
You're lying.
Jill and I found your daughter
learning her dance.
[bleep] You know nothing.
CHRISTI: All we're saying is
that you're known to lie.
JILL: Everybody here deserves the truth.
That is the truth.
ABBY: (ANGRILY)
What difference does it make?
You all know damn well Maddie can
learn the dance in one hour,
and go out there, and do it.
Save yourself the aggravation.
- OK.
ABBY: She has it,
and she has it right now.
I don't have time to worry
about this solo drama.
It's done.
It's old news.
I need to get everybody ready
for the group number.
Sloppy feet.
Why is everyone looking at the ground?
Paige, you have to do the whole step.
Stretch the back of those knees.
Come on!
Right there, on the sauté and forth.
Dégagé.
Get your feet down
into the ground and point right down!
I hope the girls take this
routine very seriously.
It means a lot to me personally
and lots of people in the audience.
I talked about my dad, and I talked
about a disease that can be very ugly.
People live with cancer every day
and other people die
from cancer every day.
And people put up a good fight,
so let's go out there. Let's fight.
Let's work together.
All right, let's go. Moms, we're going.
We'll see you there.
Brooke, Paige, come here.
I want to talk to you for a second.
You do know that Papa Kuhn
had cancer, right?
So when you are on stage,
do this dance for him.
OK?
Do it for Papa Kuhn, OK?
I told the girls to dance
for the grandpap, Papa Kuhn.
He's living with cancer right now.
And I want them to go out there
and think about
how much he loves them
while they're out there dancing.
MC: Taking the stage right now
is entry number 87
in the Junior, small group category.
Here they are with Living with the Ribbon.
[cheering]
[MUSIC - CHAD AND ERICA REISSER,
"LEANING IN"]
I can't stop what's coming.
I suppose that I try to run and hide.
But that is not
what I intend to do, do, do, do, do.
'Cause if I am still standing,
I might as well lean in,
might as well lean in.
I'm blessed by every day
that you are with me.
That you are with me.
[applause]
KELLY: My girls went out,
and they dedicated this dance to my dad.
And I just know that he would be so happy
to be here to see them.
And he'd be proud of them.
I think Papi would be really happy
with your performance today.
It's hard to see Kelly crying,
thinking about the hard times
she went through when her
father had prostate cancer.
And what really hit home to
me is that people come and go
so quickly in your life.
And you know, I love Kelly.
She's like a sister.
And even if you don't
always like your sister,
you always love your sister
Mm, I know.
We need to just get past this.
It might not be exactly
the same as it was before,
but life's too short to lose friendships.
[upbeat music playing]
MC: It is now time for
our Junior small group division.
MELISSA: This is a
really big dance for us,
and a first place win
would really mean a lot to us.
In second place,
entry number 86, from Z Company,
He's My Son.
[applause]
And in first place, entry number 87,
from Abby Lee Dance Company,
Living with the Ribbon.
[cheering]
MC: Give them a round of applause.
I think this was a great day
for the Abby Lee Dance Company.
We were victorious.
We won the overall high score,
and I'm very proud of the kids.
It is now time for
our divisional overalls.
In second place,
from Abby Lee Dance Company,
entry number 17, Old West.
MacKenzie got second place in her solo.
I know she's disappointed,
and she really wanted first place.
MC: And in first place, entry number 18
from Abby Lee Dance Company,
Too Hot to Handle.
KRISTIE RAY: Asia showed that
today she was the better dancer.
MC: Give them a round of applause.
Elite high point awards
for the Junior division.
In the Junior solo category, third place,
entry number 15 from
Tiffany and Company, Escape.
At this point, I really don't know
who I think is going to win.
I think they both did things very well.
And I think they both did things
that could have been better.
Second place, entry number 20
from Abby Lee Dance Company,
Be Anything.
I think it was probably a tight call.
It doesn't mean that
one dancer's better than the other.
And in first place,
Junior Solo in the Junior Division
elite high point awards,
entry number 19
from Abby Lee Dance Company, You Can.
[cheering]
I'm so happy for Chloe.
This is a huge boost to her confidence,
and it just proves to Abby
once and for all
that Chloe is a force to be reckoned with.
MC: Give them a round of applause.
MELISSA: Why not?
I don't care.
Abby said it in front of the other moms,
I'm surprised Chloe won.
And she said it right in
front of everyone else.
PAIGE:
I think Maddie got really upset
whenever she found out
that she didn't win.
But I thought
they both did a fabulous job,
so I don't think it matters
who the winner is.
- Don't be sad.
- I'm not sad.
Do you not see me smiling?
No, I wasn't.
Paige, did you not see me
smiling the whole award?
Sorry.
[chuckles]
[excited chatter]
You were great. I mean,
I thought your dance was wonderful.
It's beautiful.
I mean, it's, you know--
it's all good.
Hey!
Congratulations!
We had a goof.
One of our judges,
they gave Chloe a 99-10.
She actually had a 96- 6,
because they gave her a 27- 5
in a category that only had 25 points.
That means that the overall winner
would have been Maddie.
Congratulations, Maddie.
ABBY: Thank you so much.
We appreciate that.
MC: Yes, I'm sorry.
- Hey, you know, things happen.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Woohoo!
Everybody, congratulations on the group.
Maddie and Chloe,
congratulations on being great sports.
Mistakes happen.
CHLOE:
The director of the competition told us
that there was a mistake
in the scores
and that, um, I didn't
really win and, Maddie won.
And I was a little upset,
but I was really happy for Maddie.
ABBY: Mackenzie, what are you
doing there with the hairdo?
What did I tell you?
Never leave home without your bows.
Are you kidding me that
it just so happened that
Chloe and Maddie's scores
were the only ones,
out of the entire competition
with 80-some routines,
that were incorrect?
Are you kidding?
JILL: So Abby, how did you
discover the discrepancy
between the 30 point, the 25 point?
ABBY: I didn't.
They came to me.
I guess the judges said there's a problem.
We have a problem.
MC: I'm sorry. You OK?
- Yes?
I stole your score sheets.
I kept them with me,
and I wanted to say, once again, I was--
doesn't happen that often at all.
But I wanted to say thank you
for bringing it to our attention.
Oh, that's all right.
[suspenseful music playing]
ABBY: Next on Dance Moms.
CATHY: We're starting a new ball game.
This is our opportunity
to build and get strong.
The Dream Team's here.
Abby's in LA.
I wanna move to some place sunny or nicer,
a little more fun.
CATHY: Show Anthony and show myself
what you've got to offer.
Oh, God.
Put your mouth on vacation.
[interposing voices]